README.md, before:

# Sublime

My handy [Sublime Text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/) tools and settings.

Most interesting for public could be [Preferences.sublime-settings](Packages/User/Preferences.sublime-settings) and [Main.sublime-menu](Packages/User/Main.sublime-menu).

## Plugins

1. [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/installation#st3): The Sublime Text package manager that makes it exceedingly simple to find, install and keep packages up-to-date.
1. [Sublimerge 3](https://www.sublimerge.com/sm3/): This is not a [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/)! Compare file within Sublime Text 3 to: snapshot, git revision, other git branch, other opened file, clipboard, etc. Also support compare directories, conflict resolver, etc. You must get it, even it's stil in Beta and is not free.
1. [SideBar Enhancements](https://github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarEnhancements/): Provides enhancements to the operations on Sidebar of Files and Folders for Sublime Text.
1. [Emmet Sublime](https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime): Plugin which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow. Read Emmet [Documentation](http://docs.emmet.io/)
1. [SFTP](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp): Spend less time managing file transfers and more time coding. FTP, FTPS and SFTP support for Sublime Text 2 & 3 that is blazing fast, with smart features, flexible workflow options and top-notch support.
1. [SublimeText Git](https://github.com/kemayo/sublime-text-git): Simple Git Integration for Sublime Text 2 and 3.
1. [SideBarGit](https://github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarGit): Add git commands to sidebar. Textual port of komodin extension for sublime text.
1. [Sublime Linter](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3): Interactive code linting framework for Sublime Text 3. Along to core plugin you should add modules for programming languages you need, like [PHP](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-php), [JavaScript](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-jshint), [JSON](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-json), [CSS](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-csslint)
1. [Alignment](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/alignment): Dead-simple alignment of multi-line selections and multiple selections for Sublime Text.
1. [Sublime Code Intel](http://github.com/SublimeCodeIntel/SublimeCodeIntel): Full-featured code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine
1. [Function Name Display](https://github.com/akrabat/SublimeFunctionNameDisplay): his plugin displays the current file, class and function name on the status bar in Sublime Text 2 and 3.
1. [Auto File Name](https://github.com/BoundInCode/AutoFileName): Sublime Text plugin that autocompletes filenames.
1. [DocBlockr](https://github.com/spadgos/sublime-jsdocs): Simplifies writing DocBlock comments in Javascript, PHP, CoffeeScript, Actionscript, C & C++
1. [PHP Companion](https://github.com/erichard/SublimePHPCompanion): A Sublime Text 3 plugin that provides cool stuff for PHP 5.3+ coding session.
1. [PHP Completions Kit](https://github.com/gerardroche/sublime-phpck): Provides PHP completions for Sublime Text.
1. [Bracket Highlighter](https://github.com/facelessuser/BracketHighlighter): (BH) will highlight brackets (or defined bracket like start and end blocks) surrounding the cursor. By default, BH will put opening and closing icons in the gutter of the corresponding line containing open or closing bracket. BH, by default, will underline the closing and opening bracket as well.
1. [VCS Gutter](https://github.com/bradsokol/VcsGutter): Plugin for Sublime Text 2 and 3 to show diffs from Git, Mercurial, or Subversion in the editor's gutter. **You don't need it anymore with SublimeText 3.1+**
1. [Minify](https://github.com/tssajo/Minify): Allows you to quickly minify and/or beautify CSS, JavaScript, HTML and SVG files -- compatible with ST2 and ST3
1. [ImprovedSQL](https://github.com/jbrooksuk/ImprovedSQL): It adds a whole bunch of extra syntax which is missing from the default file.
1. [SQLExec](https://github.com/jum4/sublime-sqlexec): A Plugin for running SQL commands in Sublime Text. Read [Documentation](http://lubriciousdevelopers.github.io/projects/sublime-sql-exec/)
1. [WordPress Developer Resources](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Search%20WordPress%20Codex%20or%20QueryPosts): Plugin to search Wordpress Codex, or QueryPosts for any term or a specific function in only two clicks.
1. [LESS syntax for Sublime Text](https://github.com/danro/LESS-sublime): Provides syntax highlighting for .less files, along with snippets and completions.
1. [Less2Css](https://github.com/timdouglas/sublime-less2css): Compile less files to css on save. Requires lessc installed on PATH.
1. [Color Picker](https://github.com/weslly/ColorPicker/)
1. [Color Highlighter](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Color%20Highlighter): Plugin for the Sublime text 2 and 3, which underlays selected hexadecimal colorcodes (like "#FFFFFF", "rgb(255,255,255)", "white", etc.) with their real color. Also, plugin adds color picker to easily modify colors.
1. [Line Endings](https://github.com/titoBouzout/LineEndings): Provides line endings and convert indentation shortcuts for Sublime Text.
1. [hosts](https://github.com/rodrigoflores/hosts): Support for your /etc/hosts file, including easy commenting and syntax.
1. [ApacheConf](https://github.com/colinta/ApacheConf.tmLanguage): Support for Apache .conf, .htaccess, .htgroups and .htpasswd files.

## Abandoned plugins (which still works fine)

1. [SublimeGit](https://github.com/SublimeGit/SublimeGit/): Full-featured Git integration for Sublime Text 2 and 3. _Show `git log` with bunch of additional details, but looks like abandoned project_
1. [WordPress](https://github.com/purplefish32/sublime-text-2-wordpress): Collection of WordPress snippets and autocompletions for Sublime Text 2. Slightly outdated as it's updated for WordPress 3.7 two years ago.

## Themes

1. [Primer](https://github.com/karelvuong/st-primer) light flat UI and syntax theme inspired by [GitHub](https://github.com)
2. [Gravity](https://github.com/frankyonnetti/gravity-sublime-theme)
3. [Soda](https://github.com/buymeasoda/soda-theme)

## Console Fonts

Font [M+ 1m regular](http://mplus-fonts.sourceforge.jp/mplus-outline-fonts/download/index-en.html#download)

Commit message:

Add Sublime Gremlins plugin to list

README.md, after:

# Sublime

My handy [Sublime Text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/) tools and settings.

Most interesting for public could be [Preferences.sublime-settings](Packages/User/Preferences.sublime-settings) and [Main.sublime-menu](Packages/User/Main.sublime-menu).

## Plugins

1. [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/installation#st3): The Sublime Text package manager that makes it exceedingly simple to find, install and keep packages up-to-date.
1. [Sublimerge 3](https://www.sublimerge.com/sm3/): This is not a [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/)! Compare file within Sublime Text 3 to: snapshot, git revision, other git branch, other opened file, clipboard, etc. Also support compare directories, conflict resolver, etc. You must get it, even it's stil in Beta and is not free.
1. [SideBar Enhancements](https://github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarEnhancements/): Provides enhancements to the operations on Sidebar of Files and Folders for Sublime Text.
1. [Emmet Sublime](https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime): Plugin which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow. Read Emmet [Documentation](http://docs.emmet.io/)
1. [SFTP](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp): Spend less time managing file transfers and more time coding. FTP, FTPS and SFTP support for Sublime Text 2 & 3 that is blazing fast, with smart features, flexible workflow options and top-notch support.
1. [SublimeText Git](https://github.com/kemayo/sublime-text-git): Simple Git Integration for Sublime Text 2 and 3.
1. [SideBarGit](https://github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarGit): Add git commands to sidebar. Textual port of komodin extension for sublime text.
1. [Sublime Linter](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter3): Interactive code linting framework for Sublime Text 3. Along to core plugin you should add modules for programming languages you need, like [PHP](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-php), [JavaScript](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-jshint), [JSON](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-json), [CSS](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-csslint)
1. [Alignment](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/alignment): Dead-simple alignment of multi-line selections and multiple selections for Sublime Text.
1. [Sublime Code Intel](http://github.com/SublimeCodeIntel/SublimeCodeIntel): Full-featured code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine
1. [Function Name Display](https://github.com/akrabat/SublimeFunctionNameDisplay): his plugin displays the current file, class and function name on the status bar in Sublime Text 2 and 3.
1. [Auto File Name](https://github.com/BoundInCode/AutoFileName): Sublime Text plugin that autocompletes filenames.
1. [DocBlockr](https://github.com/spadgos/sublime-jsdocs): Simplifies writing DocBlock comments in Javascript, PHP, CoffeeScript, Actionscript, C & C++
1. [PHP Companion](https://github.com/erichard/SublimePHPCompanion): A Sublime Text 3 plugin that provides cool stuff for PHP 5.3+ coding session.
1. [PHP Completions Kit](https://github.com/gerardroche/sublime-phpck): Provides PHP completions for Sublime Text.
1. [Bracket Highlighter](https://github.com/facelessuser/BracketHighlighter): (BH) will highlight brackets (or defined bracket like start and end blocks) surrounding the cursor. By default, BH will put opening and closing icons in the gutter of the corresponding line containing open or closing bracket. BH, by default, will underline the closing and opening bracket as well.
1. [VCS Gutter](https://github.com/bradsokol/VcsGutter): Plugin for Sublime Text 2 and 3 to show diffs from Git, Mercurial, or Subversion in the editor's gutter. **You don't need it anymore with SublimeText 3.1+**
1. [Minify](https://github.com/tssajo/Minify): Allows you to quickly minify and/or beautify CSS, JavaScript, HTML and SVG files -- compatible with ST2 and ST3
1. [ImprovedSQL](https://github.com/jbrooksuk/ImprovedSQL): It adds a whole bunch of extra syntax which is missing from the default file.
1. [SQLExec](https://github.com/jum4/sublime-sqlexec): A Plugin for running SQL commands in Sublime Text. Read [Documentation](http://lubriciousdevelopers.github.io/projects/sublime-sql-exec/)
1. [WordPress Developer Resources](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Search%20WordPress%20Codex%20or%20QueryPosts): Plugin to search Wordpress Codex, or QueryPosts for any term or a specific function in only two clicks.
1. [LESS syntax for Sublime Text](https://github.com/danro/LESS-sublime): Provides syntax highlighting for .less files, along with snippets and completions.
1. [Less2Css](https://github.com/timdouglas/sublime-less2css): Compile less files to css on save. Requires lessc installed on PATH.
1. [Color Picker](https://github.com/weslly/ColorPicker/)
1. [Color Highlighter](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Color%20Highlighter): Plugin for the Sublime text 2 and 3, which underlays selected hexadecimal colorcodes (like "#FFFFFF", "rgb(255,255,255)", "white", etc.) with their real color. Also, plugin adds color picker to easily modify colors.
1. [Line Endings](https://github.com/titoBouzout/LineEndings): Provides line endings and convert indentation shortcuts for Sublime Text.
1. [hosts](https://github.com/rodrigoflores/hosts): Support for your /etc/hosts file, including easy commenting and syntax.
1. [ApacheConf](https://github.com/colinta/ApacheConf.tmLanguage): Support for Apache .conf, .htaccess, .htgroups and .htpasswd files.
1. [SublimeGremlins](https://github.com/redoPop/SublimeGremlins): Help you to identify invisible and ambiguous Unicode whitespace characters (zero width spaces, no-break spaces, and similar) by highlighting them.

## Abandoned plugins (which still works fine)

1. [SublimeGit](https://github.com/SublimeGit/SublimeGit/): Full-featured Git integration for Sublime Text 2 and 3. _Show `git log` with bunch of additional details, but looks like abandoned project_
1. [WordPress](https://github.com/purplefish32/sublime-text-2-wordpress): Collection of WordPress snippets and autocompletions for Sublime Text 2. Slightly outdated as it's updated for WordPress 3.7 two years ago.

## Themes

1. [Primer](https://github.com/karelvuong/st-primer) light flat UI and syntax theme inspired by [GitHub](https://github.com)
2. [Gravity](https://github.com/frankyonnetti/gravity-sublime-theme)
3. [Soda](https://github.com/buymeasoda/soda-theme)

## Console Fonts

Font [M+ 1m regular](http://mplus-fonts.sourceforge.jp/mplus-outline-fonts/download/index-en.html#download)
